9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man with David
Angles.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories today, Asian markets
under pressure amid this rotation out of
tech following a similar move on Wall
Street. China's move to tighten rules
and margin financing, also dragging down
investor sentiment.
>> Chip makers in focus with TSMC set to
report earnings later today as a Trump
administration floats [music] new
tariffs on the sector. Plus, Beijing
host Canadian uh PM Mark Carney, the
latest world leader [music] to court
China amid growing concerns over
Washington's policies.
[music]
Equity market sideways to mostly [music]
lower. We're down about 1% as you can
see there on on the nickel. We'll talk
more about some of these different
variations of early signs of
intervention, right? Whether that's
Scott Besson's comments on the Korean
Juan, whether that's some of the first
official first comments coming out of
officials in Japan on the Japanese
currency and of course in the equity
market. Of course, we talked about
margin financing there in China and them
bumping up that ratio. Uh more on that
in a moment. Equity markets, as you can
see though, trading sideways, too. As I
said, mostly lower. Uh, Korean Juan just
had a BOK decision. No change there. The
details of the statement out this hour.
In the next hour, of course, we'll be
getting the the briefing coming through
out of the B. Uh, as it pertains to
equity markets in China. So, overnight,
we were looking at I was looking at one
specific uh ETF there, which was a CSI
300, just to see how that the pricing
continued to play out overnight
following yesterday's announcement from
uh from financial officials. The the
stock we're tracking of course is
Trip.com. Following the investigation
there, 17% down overnight. The company's
put out a statement and said they
promised to work closely with the
regulator on that uh on on that
investigation. A50 futures coming in. Uh
we are on a stronger side now of 780 on
dollar honky dollar China on your
screens. So yes, weak some weakness
coming through although benchmarks just
keep in mind are on a 40 win streak.
Yes, we did close eventually. We did
close higher for the day here in Hong
Kong on Wednesday.
>> Yeah, interesting enough, we we did see
a bit of a wobble on on the news of this
margin financing and and that's going to
be the key sort of risk, I guess, for
these markets moving forward here. But
Morgan Stanley kind of crunched the
numbers and said, "Look, it's not
surprising that they're doing this, but
certainly it's not going to derail, but
maybe just slow this bull market." You
take a look how futures are saying that
we're flat as you mentioned there. In
terms of your agenda today, this is
after we saw what daily turnover. uh you
take a look at when it comes to margin
financing uh in some measures are
basically hit records, right? So maybe
that's why you did see that move from
regulators there. Uh of course we're
still tracking that winning streak that
we're seeing in Hong Kong. Uh we have
this big event in Alibaba, right, on
Quinn. So we'll see if there's any sort
of uh news there that could move the
stock here. But yes, certainly there has
been a lot of optimism around that
announcement. We talked about trip.com
brokerages given just the rally we've
seen the Mark Carney in China. That's
certainly going to be interesting theme
that we're seeing as China starts to
court a lot more Western leaders uh to
the mainland as well. There is an SEIO
briefing coming up and of course we're
still waiting for credit data too.
>> Yeah, we have two so two briefings I
believe at about the same time. You have
this one from China on monetary and
financial policies. Alongside that, I
think we mentioned it already. The Bank
of Korea of course will be having the
usual briefing post their uh rate
decision. So stay tuned for that. All
those are coming through uh over the
next two hours or so. Uh so we just
mentioned turnover on a daily basis.
We've been tracking this. So nearly four
trillion was the uh was the total at the
end of the session yesterday. This
follows what Ivan is pointing out.
Margin financing also uh continuing to
hit a record. I guess underscoring this
this this this
bump up in trading activity that's
taking place.
>> Yeah. And it's it's interesting. It's
not surprising, but it's also this only
the second time in a decade that they've
had to do this, right? In terms of uh
curbing the margin financing
requirements and such. So that certainly
is also rare to see this and back then
we're talking about 2015 uh when we did
see of course uh that bubble in the
equity market. So certainly that it's
rare to see this sort of move but then
again it's all about reducing that
leverage uh in which investors are doing
to to buy Chinese stocks but it's no
surprise right you look at turnover you
look at margin financing you also look
at valuations as well maybe not in terms
of Hong Kong that's still looking pretty
relatively cheap against most of the
world but the Beijing stock exchange
valuations are what like 90 times or
something so
>> yeah the small caps
>> the small caps were definitely having a
field day
>> yeah I think we were talking about that
yesterday during our planning meeting
when you had to look some of the so
whether that's the Beijing uh the
Beijing gauge at the star 50 that's
another one to track obviously going
into today uh so Ivonne talked about the
2015 peak we're back above that right
now on margin debt uh and you know the
some of the forecasts coming through out
of Wall Street um anywhere between 4 to
20% on Msei China on price by the end of
this year uh we've gone up by more than
four which I guess underscores the early
exuberance across the market and perhaps
the slowburn market that they're trying
massage into as it pertains to that.
Yeah, some of the forecast latest
forecast on your screens. Goldman was
out with 20%, cities out 19. Morgan
Stanley, I think they've stood pat on
their projections of 90 on MSEI China.
Laura Wan will be joining us this time
in the next hour to basically lay out
her strategies uh for the Chinese market
this year. Right. Uh let's get some
context right now on our starting point
for today. Mark Hudmore, our M Live
executive editor, is with us in
Singapore. Mark, what's top of mind for
you this morning, sir?
>> Uh, I still think probably in Asia,
Japan remains the big focus, especially
with Besson's comments overnight. As you
know, I'm a structural yen bear. I think
that's a that's a story that's going to
going to stay with us for perhaps years
to come. I think ultimately they've got
a big debt pile, but they're going to
monetize over the long term. But as we
get to, you know, fresh levels or near
fresh levels in dollar yen, we obviously
think about intervention risk and it
becomes much more tactical. and and we
talked a bit about this yesterday about
how many of the themes that we're seeing
at the moment in the early stage this
year are actually sustainable for the
full year but they've gone so far so
quickly that we're entering a more
tactical stage probably beyond yen the
other one that's kind of more in focus
for me is again precious metals I think
the rally we've seen in silver is just
really extraordinary gold obviously as
well other metals industrial metals been
part of this this time but the silver
one is particularly bonkers and and I
think that's the market where we're
going to have a really kind of
horrendous just pull back at some point.
So, that's the one I'm really keeping my
eye on.
>> Yeah. Why do you think there is that
interest in in silver or precious
metals? Is is it just the the sort of
cleanest sort of hedge out there right
now? Does it go beyond the rate story?
>> It's a good question because there
there's theoretically a load of
explanations. The problem is none of
them justify the the quite extraordinary
and sustained move we've seen over the
cap last couple of months. You know,
this is a price that's that's doubled
from where it was trading only in
October. I mean, that's just absolutely
crazy. And gold's obviously gone up an
extraordinary amount over the last
couple of years. What it seems to be is
that there's a desire for assets that
can't be controlled by the US
administration. Uh, and what I mean by
that, it's kind of a broader term of
like it's not necessarily the debasement
trade, but there's a little bit of an
element to that. It's the Fed attack
trade. It's the geopolitical risk trade.
It's this idea that, hey, look, we might
want other ways to store capital, store
money. And it's not that people are
suddenly saying like silver is the
future. Of course not. It's too small a
market. But they're talking about
diversifying and you know, first of all,
you diversified into gold and then there
was crypto. But you know, those assets
have gone a long way. Crypto doesn't
have any real fundamentals behind it.
Gold just, you know, doesn't have a
valuation or an income stream to justify
its high prices. So, you want to
diversify further out the stream.
Silver's next in line, but we'll see
other assets trade like that. And I
think it's the idea that given what's
happening around the world, people want
to diversify their wealth into other
assets. And I think that we'll see other
real assets out there continue to gain.
Probably some things I haven't even
thought of yet.
Mark, just just your thoughts short term
on chi Chinese authorities somewhat
tightening ever so slightly the taps
there. U what do you think happens to
the market because of that?
>> You know, not so much perhaps. Uh China
is determined to not get another boom
bust cycle. I'm not sure they're going
to succeed, but you know, the Chinese
stock market, you know, had this
incredible rally in 2007, then a
complete collapse. Another incredible
rally in 2015, then a complete collapse.
Um, you know, they made clear a couple
of years ago, you know, that they they
were they were going to now ensure the
stock market continued higher year and
year. Unfortunately, the pace of its
gains have been pretty extraordinary.
Um, but so I think they want to try to
re in that boom cycle. I think they're
going to struggle because essentially I
say I talk about Hong Kong stock market
more than China because Chinese stock
market's no longer cheap and it's it's a
much harder one to play. Uh there's much
more opaque on earnings. It's much more
diverse. But the Hong Kong market is a
discounted market. If you look at it's a
liquid market, big market, discounted
market, not you know problems with
capital controls etc. So Hong Kong stock
market has underperformed US stocks for
example for for many many many years. So
even though it's now whatever is it 18
months or something into an out
performance um it's still that's early
stages it can outperform for the next
decade overall. So I think that's the
backdrop here that you know the the
fundamentals are very very supportive
for greater China stock market
particularly Hong Kong and and while
they want to cur curb a boom bus cycle I
think as more and more people get on
that momentum trade as the whole idea
that China is uninvestable changes to oh
my god we do not have near enough China
exposure over the coming years it's
going to be hard to contain that
excitement there
>> Mark thank you Mark Cutmore there our
mive executive editor joining us out of
Singapore coming up our exclusive
interview with the CFO of healthcare
company 3S Bio on their expansion plans
and the [music] push to make China a
biotech supermarket. That's next. We're
tying down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. We're
tracking, of course, trip.com given the
slide that we saw [music] in the ADRs
overnight on that antirust probe. The
stock indicated lower [music]
here this morning. This is Bloomberg.
We continue our coverage of the JP
Morgan [music] Healthcare Conference in
San Francisco today. We're talking to
Chinese firm 3S Bio. They became the
second best performer on the healthc
care subg gauges of the Hang Sang and
Msei China last year after a record
cancer drug licensing deal with Fizer
and shares got further boost this week
after Fizer announced that it plans to
speed up clinical studies for that drug.
Joining us now is the 3S bio CFO Tony Hu
who's attending the conference in SF.
Tony, it's good to have you on the
program. You talk about that record deal
with FISA that was announced last year
uh $1.2 2 billion up front uh is quite
substantial
>> and I think your presentation at the JP
Morgan conference last year really
played a big role in that as well. What
are your expectations this year at the
conference in terms of deal making?
>> Well, uh thanks Ivon that's a very good
question. So we are still looking
forward to more and more business
development transactions this year and
potentially the next two to three years.
So right now we have uh pretty good and
decent data from a few other bicep
specific and tric tripecific uh
antibodies. For example uh we have a PD1
heru okay which uh function as a immune
uh oncology and also a targeted therapy
at the same time and we have a PD1 PDR1
both are uh doing phase 2 clinical
trials in China and we've got US FDA
approval for clinical trials in the US
as well. And we have a B7H3 in 15. It's
a um immunoccytoine
um which is going through a phase one
clinical trial in in China. And that's
that's uh also we believe a first
inclass potential candidate. Um and uh
we have we also have a MO 17 CD3 CD28
that's a quite specific TCE uh antibbody
which is going through a phase one
clinical trial in China. So um in a
nutshell lots of good stuff happening
within our organization and uh more to
come uh because we have more molecule
entities to be announced not now but
tomorrow when we make a corporate pres
presentation. So um uh very promising u
uh uh this year and potentially two
three years down the road.
>> Tony David here very nice to see you the
to your point things are things are
going well. Um it's a good thing things
seem to be moving quick. Uh does that
accel are any of the things that you
mentioned does that accelerate the
timeline for uh some of the the things
you wish to achieve in terms of
monetization and the like? Yeah, of
course, of course. with more and more
clinical data um and we do expect some
of them if data mature to be published
in global recognized uh uh society for
example asco asmo including Cisco right
so that will definitely help uh when you
want to you know have more in-depth
conversation with with the global
multinationals with the regional boutex
so data so back to our experience with
the fisa right so uh people may ask what
what caus see you what led to the
successful transaction and it appears to
be uh one of the largest ever upfront uh
payment received by a China Bama from a
global multinational and my qu my answer
to that question is always data you need
to have a sound and proven clinical uh
uh data generated you have to
demonstrate safety data you have to
demonstrate efficacy data and it has to
be you know uh uh better than any peers
across the globe and they has to be you
know across the uh different modalities.
So uh back to your question um data is
most important for for the for the uh
you know deal making.
>> Can you tell us more about your goals I
guess or even just aspirations for for
expanding overseas? I mean outside of
China you do have some business in
develop uh developing markets. Do you
expect to grow that?
>> Yeah, of course. But uh right now we are
uh uh distributing commercialized
products in developing markets. So also
the next step or probably five to 10
years down the road that's the uh you
know the real international uh uh
milestone that we are we are looking
forward to. So by do uh uh uh in order
to do that we really need to get the for
example our PD1 VGF license to fight get
it approved in the US in Europe uh in
Japan all the developed countries that's
the real internationalization that we
are talking about.
>> Understood. So Tony the just I guess
back to the numbers and this goes into
obviously the longerterm plans of how
how big your overseas pie gets. The the
so the upfront payment was 1.2 2B uh you
could be eligible to as much as 4.8
billion. Uh obviously depending on many
many factors and how things go.
>> Is the 4.8 billion just to clarify is
that a fixed amount or is that flexible
to the upside depending on what happens
or is that is that the ceiling just to
help us understand of course just this
specific transaction?
>> Yeah. So so a a euro ordinary business
development transaction there are three
elements. First is upfront okay uh we
have a 1.5 all together from FISA um and
the second element is what we call
milestone and the milestone meaning that
once you achieve certain stage of the
development that triggers payment for
example if you kick off a phase two or
phase three clinical trial uh in
whatever indication then it triggers a
payment okay and the second trigger
point will be once the drug is approved
and you get the another payment and the
third trigger point would be a certain
amount of uh sales amount. So once you
achieve for example 500 million 1
billion US that triggers another
payment.
>> So all three are milestone payments. So
4.8 eight as you see in our transaction
with Fer is to add them up
>> and on top of
>> yeah I mean this Fiser announcement to
they they mentioned in this in this
conference that they're going to launch
more latestage trials
>> what does that mean for 3S bio does that
speed up and how quickly can things
speed up in terms of you reaching some
of these milestones now
>> well so basically uh if FISA uh kick off
a phase three transaction uh clinical
trial we are entitled to receive a
milestone. Okay. So, but uh uh on top of
the milestone what make uh what what is
even more meaningful is
uh uh once you kick off for example if
you look at colorectal cancer but also
announced that the first patient uh in
that trial was enrolled uh as of last
year. So that was a really meaningful
milestone because if I if I understand
it correctly uh that that should be the
ever first uh patient enrolled in a
phase three by a global multinational
that really marks the milestone because
uh it's really the uh uh a time uh that
kickstart the real phase three clinical
trial. That means we we are even closer
bringing uh this drug to the you know
large unmet medical needs. Uh and uh um
uh so uh from a financial perspective as
you said uh yeah uh it will trigger of
course milestone payment and once that
indication is approved that will trigger
uh another regulatory milestone and uh
when the drug is you know uh starts to
be commercialized that will trigger both
commercialization milestone as well as
uh the tier the royalties. Basically,
that's um a sales uh you know um a
percentage of the sales generated from
that drug.
>> Tony, good problem to have. We spent
most of this interview talking about one
one drug. I believe you still have about
30 in in your pipeline. Just help us
understand what that pipeline looks like
and perhaps give a sense. Is there any
are there any specifics there that
you're you're keen to you you think the
market should be attuned to?
Yeah, of course. Um, uh, just like what
what we discussed, uh, in the, uh, in
the beginning of the interview, we do
have a few other, you know, bicep
specifics. Um, the one we we we are
partnering with the FISA is a bicep
specific. It's called the PD1 VGF, but
along with that, we do have a few other
bicep specific and tri specific. For
example, PD1 her two and the PD1 PDL1.
Uh, those are both in phase two clinical
trials. And we have a BMH3
interlucan 15. It's a immuno uh cytoine.
It's a bicep specific. And we have a
mach 17 CD3 CD28 which is uh a tri
specific. Uh uh so these these two are
in uh phase one clinical trial in China
and all of the four assets we have
obtained uh clinical trial approval from
the US FDA.
>> Tony, thank you so much. Fantastic.
Let's talk again soon, sir. Tony H, CFO
there of 3S Bio joining us out of SF uh
today. Just very quickly, two things
before we just take a short break. One
is a very strong fix. Well, at least
we've got here at some point and it
Yeah, there we go. Uh below the 7.01
handle and we are seeing some strength
coming through in the Chinese currency.
On the back of that, there's also one
stock we're tracking very closely.
>> Yeah, Trip.com, we are down some 15 17%
I believe. There you go.
>> Um that's offshore MMB. But then again,
you take a look at what Trip's doing on
this antirust probe from China. Um, we
are seeing here a continuation of this
downward story because of, you know, the
probe remains scarce. Look at the
details of that. Um, but they, you know,
the analysts are saying this process
could take [music] months and possibly
resulting in some sort of cash fine as
history has suggested with some of these
regulatory probes. So yeah, the stock
down some 15%. [music]
Uh, they have said that they are going
to be working with regulators moving
forward here. We'll have more coming up.
This is Bloomberg.
We're watching the travel stocks here
this morning on the back of what we're
seeing with Trip.com. We're down some
[music] 15% on this antirust probe. Uh
and certainly that does lead to some of
these names like Tong Shang Travel
falling for another day. They already
reacted yesterday here. So, we're seeing
a second day of this. Alibaba is flat.
Mtoan in [music] positive territory so
far.
>> Yeah. So, we'll see. Uh the jury is
still largely out whether or not we will
be snapping the [music] 4-day win streak
on some of the Hong Kong benchmarks.
Early indications suggest that yes, we
might see that uh come to a halt after 4
days, but it is of course the slow
market that they do want to engender.
We'll get into the bigger issues in a
moment. The open is coming up next. 3
minutes away. This is the China Show.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show. So, a couple of
things that we are likely to [music] get
more information on the next few
minutes. Obviously, the open. We'll see
how Trip.com opens. We pre-market's down
15%. Uh we should be getting the details
of the statement out of the Bank of
Korea which just had the rate decision
that should be coming out in the next
few uh next few minutes or so. Apart
from that, the strongest fix since May
2023 and of course the open is generally
speaking a down arrow story across the
region. Rotation out of big tech, how
does that affect things? And of course
going into the afternoon session
yesterday was of course them bumping up
the margin financing ratio. So I think
Morgan Stanley thinks it's we could see
a lot of volatility near term but
>> you could be seeing some swings but
they're still quite optimistic around
this ashare market here just given the
liquidity given the the strength of the
currency given all these Hong Kong IPOs
and stuff. So certainly there is a lot
still of long-term they say catalyst out
there. Um but then again this could be
just kind of to reduce the overlever uh
in this market and tame as you say the
bull market here to be a slow sort of
bull run right. Right. So certainly
that's going to be one thing to watch
here, but we are kicking off the open
here with slight downside. We're down by
half of 1% for Shanghai. Shenzhen is
seeing more of a magnified loss there
about 7/10en of 1%. But as we talked
about the valuations, right, it's the
small caps where maybe perhaps
regulators are a little bit uh more
concerned about with the Beijing stock
exchange for example. We're talking
about 90 sometimes earnings here, which
is I think more than double what we saw
in the NASDAQ. So certainly there is
concern there. So no surprises maybe
from some of the sell side here this
morning. But you are seeing some big cap
names like Capricorn Tech is lower by
about uh close to 1% or so. Um Quay
Chowo has been unchanged here this
morning, but we're still tracking of
course crude given the fact that we did
see oil dip. It seems like Trump says
he's holding off on doing anything with
Iran for now. Uh there are some
headlines that's just crossing here when
it comes to Venezuela.
>> Yeah,
>> he is expected to go to Venezuela
according to Reuters and expected to
meet with Machado here. This is of
course the opposition leader as well
happening at 12:30 p.m. Eastern time uh
Thursday. So certainly that's going to
be some key things to watch for oil
markets at least. Uh in terms of your
Hong Kong board, here's what we're
looking at here today. So obviously
Trip.com is going to be a key focus with
watching some of these travel stocks uh
just given this antirust probe. Uh and
certainly that's leading to some of
these names like uh Alibaba for example,
Tong Chong as well uh lower here. Guys,
can we flip the boards here just to see
how mega big cap tech is doing here
right now? There you go. Maywan is also
lower. So they already reacted initially
yesterday uh on the news of this
investigation uh for trip.com uh for
allegedly abusing its dominant market
position and engaging in monopolistic
practices. That's according to of course
regulators there. So Mtoan Baba are all
falling here this morning. Uh we talked
about the fix, right? That was the one
of the stronger fixes that we've seen
from the PBOC since May of 2023. uh I'm
really kind of on the cusp of that you
know that seven level right so certainly
that's going to be a key focus here and
of course we're still watching some of
the intervention uh verbal at least when
it comes to the yen when it comes to the
wan here this morning so we have seen a
bit of rally when it comes to the Korean
currency but HStech is down some 1% Dave
uh we talked about the brokerages
certainly that's certainly a key focus
given what we see in the news on margin
financing given what we're seeing in
this rally mostly lower here this
morning with CICC down about 7/10en of
1% still watching of the crazy rally
we're seeing in metals, right? And
silver kind of takes the the cake this
time around just given what we've been
seeing. The records being held as as
Mark Cutmore said, you know, gold
certainly had its run. Now it seems like
the baton has been moved to silver, tin,
the like, right? And so you see the
likes of Hunan Silver up about 1%. Uh
Douging Mining as well. Some of these
gold miners are heading the opposite
direction. And I mentioned as I
promised, Trip.com, right? So
pre-market, we are down by about 15%.
This is what we're seeing right now.
There you go. 18% lower uh when it comes
to trip.com. Uh the likes of Tongqing
Travel, some of its peers also falling
as well.
>> Okay. Um details of the statement out of
the Bank of Korea and I think the
takeaway from this one was in the last
the last paragraph in the last statement
had this phrase leaving room for
potential cuts. They've now removed and
closed that door. that reference to
potential potentially more uh room to
cut interest rates from this statement.
Uh it's important to keep in mind that
the last meeting there was largely
consensus large consensus that the BOK
was on hold for a prolonged period of
time. I'm now I now wonder how this
probably changes that and whether or not
we should go from prolonged pause to now
the end of the of the cutting cycle.
Now, obviously, you're looking at a
two-day graph here of the South Korean
one. The reason we're looking at two
days is because it's it it's it's
important to look at this in the larger
context and the comments coming out of
Scott Vessent overnight. Uh they met
with their of course financial
counterparts, this is monetary but
financial side. Uh and him giving some
verbal warnings that the one could be uh
too weak based on what the fundamentals
of the economy are. That's why you do
see that strengthening in the Korean one
dollar one down substantially overnight
into where uh we are currently. Uh the
economy continues growth trend with
upside risks to path. Yeah. Okay. So
that just underscores this this less a
need uh for more accommodative monetary
policy. So yeah, we'll this is something
we'll track this time. The next hour
we'll get the press briefing of course
coming through.
>> Yeah. Back to trip.com here right now.
Uh and certainly the the shares are sort
of falling once again on this news of
this probe. Let's bring in our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst, Katherine
Lim. She of course covers uh the
company. Uh Katherine, just tell us more
about the timing of all this. Obviously,
we have seen probes like this on the
local level. Why do you think the SMR is
investigating now?
>> Right, Ivon. I guess the reality is that
we've seen it in the first 11 months of
2025. you know online services platforms
including those selling physical goods
they've continued to dominate retail
sales and spending in um you know China
going to show that how much of the
traffic um these platforms are driving
now and hence you know we've actually
got the statement from SMR you know the
authorities themselves um you know
highlighting that they are now
scrutinizing again into the um you know
the operations of these growing
importance um you know platform form. So
it doesn't come quite as a surprise and
a timing of which really is that we're
going into the Luna New Year holidays,
the big break, the big traffic flow
that's going there. So you know, not a
surprise except that of course, you
know, the way how they're going to be
investigating. I think that's the big
question mark.
>> It's very early on obviously, right?
Such a dominant position and I think
it's it would be I guess very difficult
h how do you fix having a dominant
position? Um, and early on though, who
are who would emerge as as potential
winners or losers? Uh, if indeed some of
the behaviors change from a dominant
player,
>> right? I think one thing to actually
take note about trip.com is its ability
and it has always, you know, lean on
that edge that, you know, it has a very
deep self operation that they actually
package a lot of very unique offerings
that actually draws the traffic itself.
Now of course you know another way to
look at it is that you know there could
be instig allegations of um did you know
exclusivity
which was something that you know if you
take a a couple of years back itself
mtoan Alibaba they were penalized for
exclusive arrangements with merchants
and suppliers. So I think this will be
an area of focus and you know if it is
that um you know trip.com tends to
actually loosen these practices itself
don't be surprised if Alibaba's flegi
which is more of a marketplace than
anything else gets more merchant coming
on its platform itself and having more
offerings which essentially is good for
flegi
and do you think it does anything in
terms of their industry position right I
mean if they are still number one after
what could happen in this investigation
and and do you think this is more of
just a trip story or do you think
there's something industrywide among the
tech sector that we should be worried
about now Katherine?
Yeah, Ian I get that question also for
Metoan whether Maidtoan's dominance is
going to be threatened even as we step
into 2026 even as we actually see like
you know government looking into price
competition itself I think you know for
maidto and trip.com they do have
operational edged in these selected
businesses um are they going to be you
know the big dominant player that we
have seen in the past maybe not because
you common prosperity. Let us not forget
these two words itself. This is
something that I do think will continue
to be a focus of policies from China.
>> All right, Katherine, thank you so much.
Katherine Lim, our senior analyst at
Bloomberg Intelligence, as we were just
showing you there, Trip.com, of course,
shares are headed south uh for the
winter uh as we speak. Okay. Uh one
stock we're also tracking closely, TSMC
out with earnings today. We're down 1.2.
That's the big number on your screens.
You do the math between that big number
and the number at the bottom gets you to
about 17%
is the implied upside from analysts over
the next 12 months or so. So suffice to
say this big stock is continue is
expected to continue to rally quite
substantially over the next few months
or so. Uh joining us here on set to talk
us through give us a preview Charlotte
Yang our Asia equities reporter. Yeah,
the the floor is yours. How do we need
to be looking at this? Yes, I mean the
shares are down a bit today, but I think
overall positioning shows that investors
have pretty high expectations for the
chipmaker to report strong earnings as
well as upbeat guidance. So, we know
that the chipmaker has reported roughly
20% sales growth for the December
quarter and the consensus is now calling
for record quarterly profit as well as
gross margin at around 61%. That's the
highest level in three years, you know,
driven by strong AI spending as well as
high capacity uh utilization. And but I
think what's mattered more for the
shares now you know they've hit several
records high this year is what the
company's going to say about the
guidance and so consensus are looking as
around I think $46 billion for this
year. So if we get around that level
above I think that shows you know the
chipmaker has a lot of confidence for
those advanced um AI demand also how
that's going to play out. Another thing
investors are watching closely is how uh
what the company will say about the
memory chip shortage given has way
played on the clients and also has this
broader ripple effect for this whole
supply chain.
>> You have a great story out that talks
about the stock itself and that given
just how crowded some of the long
positioning is around this stock that
it's hard for you know the bulls or the
bears out there to really kind of you
know enter and make positions. What are
some ways of people kind of working
around this right now? Yeah, it's such
an I think interesting situation facing
investors. No matter if you're bullish
on or if you're bearish on the stock,
it's pretty hard for you to you know
place more bets because if you look at
the rally has now lifted TSMC's index
weight further higher and you know in
Taipei that's about 44% of the local
benchmark. So basically that just makes
you know farm managers with single stock
limit at 10% very vulnerable to this. So
investors are getting more creative. you
have in Taiwan the largest active ETF
that's uh that's already holding 10% of
TSMC and now adding two more passive
ETFs that has heavy waiting on TSMC as a
way you know to um you know to get more
bullish on the stock we also have um my
colleague in Taipei Cindy he also uh we
als she also from her sources we know
that some clients also looking to over
the overthe-counter swaps and those fees
are increasing and some investors that
are more you know cautious but not
enough to not you know braving enough to
put on any bearish bets. I'll now look
into structural products that gives you,
you know, limited up uh limited upside
while protect some protection on the
downside.
>> Yeah, we have a preview in fundamentals.
Do check out, of course, Charlotte's uh
piece on the stock itself. Charlotte
Yang there, our Asia equities reporter.
Tomorrow, by the way, we'll hear from
the T from TSMC, the company itself,
senior vice president and CFO uh on the
company's earnings and business outlook.
Stay tuned for that interview. That's
just ahead.
>> Yep. Just some more lines crossing from
the president here today uh to Reuters.
They're saying no plan to remove Fed's
Powell. So that's the latest here. But
he also said they might be making an
announcement on the Fed chair in a
[music] few weeks. But potentially that
could be some relief when it comes to
what it means for Powell here [music]
this morning. No plan to remove Fed's
pow according to Trump. This is
Bloomberg.
right? Let's uh talk about visits, shall
we? So, there we go. That's Mark Carney,
Prime Minister, Canada. He has arrived
in China. First state visit by a
Canadian leader in eight years. He'll be
meeting with Premier Lee today. Okay,
that's ahead of Friday's talks with
President Xi. Stephen Angel, our chief
North Asia correspondent, is with us out
of Shanghai. Steve, what's at stake
here? Uh, first meeting in many years.
>> Yeah, that's right. And it's been a
fairly frosty relationship over those uh
eight years or thereabouts uh especially
through the Justin Trudeau period
because of uh him sort of aligning
Canadian trade policy with that of the
United States. uh there was some uh 100%
uh tariff on Chinese EVs to protect uh
the domestic market in Canada as well as
on aluminum and steel. Those are things
that the Chinese would like to see uh
perhaps in some sort of agreement with
Carney on this trip. Um to be removed or
reduced uh as well as um you know the
Canadians would like to see the tariffs
that the Chinese have put on
agricultural products from Canada
especially rape seed uh which is also
known as canola which is a key export by
the Canadians to China. Actually, China
is the number two export market for rape
seed. So, uh that's been essentially
dropped down to zero because of those
tariffs the Chinese put in place. But I
think the EV uh situation is one uh
we're looking at as whether this is can
be a deal uh between Xiinping and Mark
Carney that will be at their meeting
tomorrow. Uh and that's what pretty much
what we're all looking for. And it's
again Mark Carney has said he wants to
essentially reduce their reliance on the
United States for their export of
products. In fact, he wants to
essentially reduce um or or or find
other export markets uh non US export
markets uh doubling over the next decade
according to Mark Carney.
And
>> it seems like the Chinese have really
been kind of rolling out the welcome map
for a lot of world leaders. We just had
the South Korean president there. You
know, so Carney is not the only one. Why
do you think Beijing is doing this?
>> Well, they see an opportunity, no doubt.
Obviously, with the trade friction that
was caused by the um the tariffs from
the United States, uh Trump's tariffs
starting in April has caused essentially
a redrawing of the trade global trade
map. And world leaders are seeing China
as another destination obviously for
their products. They also want to get
more clarity on the the levers of of of
leverage, if you will, on rare earths
that they've employed, not only with the
United States, but now in punishment to
Japan. So, there's lots to be discussed.
You're right. The South Korean president
was here earlier this month. We have
Mark Carney here now. We're going to
soon get Kier Starmer from the UK
arriving here in Beijing, followed by
Friedick Mertz of the Chancellor of
Germany. That's in addition to what we
saw already late last year. The French
president Emanuel Macron was here last
month and we also had
Albanesei of Australia here twice in
2025. So clearly they are rolling out as
you can see there at the great hall of
the people the red carpet for these
world leaders. lots to discuss including
I would imagine uh Fredick Mertz of
Germany wants to discuss further or the
Chinese wants to discuss further with
him uh this minimum price mechanism that
the European Union is working out uh for
Chinese EVs into the EU.
>> All right, Stephen, thank you. Steve
Engel there, of course, our chief
correspondent joining us out of
Shanghai. Uh yeah, we talked about all
the diplomacy that's going on, right? Um
we we certainly saw it yesterday you
know with the South Korean president Lie
Jay Mun drumming up some unity
>> as we call it. Yeah, you know that the
prime minister of Japan, Taki, she's a
drummer,
>> right? Uh and so she's a rock star and
they they actually did a jam session
>> at the end of their by line. I mean,
it's interesting, right? There you go.
[laughter]
>> It's interesting. When we were talking
to our producers about it, we saw the
clip yesterday. We thought it was AI
>> because you rarely see two world leaders
doing this, right? And they were playing
Golden, which I love. NBTS.
>> And
>> can we bring up the sound a little bit?
>> We were talking about this, right? like
the social team
>> at the South Koreans
>> from the South Koreans coming off of
course the selfie with Chinese President
Xi Jinping
>> and of course this this this this drum
face off
>> really goes a long way right but whether
or not this is a if I'm someone who
reads the comments every now and then
the comments on some of these videos
coming through it's a distraction from
some of the hard decisions that need to
take place of course internally uh but
yes I mean like [laughter] who I I I
initially thought it was weird seeing
this you're right it did look fake at
the start
>> and didn't he lead actually purposely
learned to play the drums just for this
moment
>> in he was a bit heavy on the snare
[laughter] u but
>> yeah cut some slack
>> yes yes
>> um but yeah it still remains to be seen
how much how extensive these talks were
and really kind of talking about China
Japan tensions and how South Korea is
navigating all that but then again I
mean at least you are seeing that unity
there
>> on the snare all right got plenty more
to come this is Bloomberg
>> [music]
>> Uh let's talk about Ompic. [music] Uh
it's a great big take here today.
Basically what's going on is you know
for the last 8 years or so you know when
Novo Nordis introduced [music] OMIC to
the world basically it was known as you
know a diabetes shot but also it's all
about weight loss here among a lot of
you know Hollywood stars among even
Chinese influencers uh but that's set to
change right now that we're talking
about this patent uh for the key
ingredient in the Ompic drug is set to
expire in several countries and that
could dramatically shift what it means
for the industry here
>> let's bring in our Asia Pharma reporter
to talk us at today's big take Amber
Tong to tell us so so it's about to
expire and what that means here for
availability of of generics soon after
>> yes David we're entering really this
watershed moment where cheap regulated
copies of ompic and wiggoi the brand
name for the weight loss drug uh will
expire in countries uh spanning from
China India and to Brazil um in fact in
Canada uh the loss of exclusivity in in
industry speak already happened. Um the
patent lapsed and the final protection
kind of guarding Novo's uh exclusivity
already um fell in January. So this
opens up the door for a a wide group of
um eager and capable generic makers to
really enter the market. M um it is set
to intensify the competition for um uh
people who for basically customers um
who are looking to lose their weight and
maintain their weight and also to treat
diabetes and a range of um conditions.
So this is really set to re reshape the
landscape. It's a it's a completely
different set of competitive um
calculations now for Novo and anyone
else in the weight loss market
>> and it could be a big opportunity for
China as well. What do we know about the
opportunities there and when will these
generics be available?
>> Yeah,
>> so the patent expiry is set to happen in
March and the short answer to generic
entry is that it won't happen
immediately but it will happen soon
enough. This is because um a key after
the the patent expires the companies
still need to secure individual
approvals to sell their particular brand
of generic um they actually won't call
it ompic they'll call it generic
semaglutide. Um so when it will be
available would depend on how soon each
of these companies will be able to
secure approval to u market their drugs.
Um in China 10 companies have already
submitted um filings to for approval.
So, we'll see how fast the regulators
will process their um their
applications. And um the Novo Nordic CEO
uh told us at the recent JP Morgan
conference that they are expecting
generics to come um generally not not
just specifically talking about China,
they're expecting around second quarter
of uh of this year. So, it'll be it will
really vary depending on the country. Um
but in China, we know a lot of them are
ready. And so, same case for India and
um some other countries as well. And
just very quickly, this is probably good
for patients.
>> It's good for patients in terms of um
choice. They will have a lot more
options soon. And um the we we also
expect there will be a price war. Um
given the intense competition, um
Numeura analysts uh predict that the
price could drop to as low as $15 in
certain countries
>> uh per month. And in fact, the
competition, we already see the compet
competitive pressure kind of pushing
Novo and Eli Liy to lower their price.
>> Okay, you can check that out of course
uh on your Bloomberg terminal. Amber
Tong there, [music] our Asia Pharma
reporter subscribers can read about that
of course ni big take on your terminal.
It's also if you have an internet
connection, it's [music] on.com. Plenty
more ahead. This is mber.
We maintain the view that this year will
be very targeted by the sectors [music]
and it will be very targeted by the
different segments as well because when
you look at the listing structure of the
[music] Hong Kong market and the China
onshore market they do offer very
distinct exposure. For example, Hong
Kong is more on the AI application
[music]
internet and software whereas you can
find a lot more hardware oriented
companies and higherend manufacturings
in the China onore market.
>> Yeah, take your pick. there's something
good uh in these greater China markets.
Jason Ly there, head of APAC equity and
derivative strategy at BMP Paraba
speaking to the Asia trade today about
his outlook for Chinese stocks. And you
know, take a look at this. Hangen is now
around session highs just a half hour
into the trade here. So all those kind
of concerns about you know tightening
the requirements of margin financing.
Yeah, I think we saw a little bit of a
wobble that yesterday here, but maybe
unlikely going to derail this whole
equity rally in some ways. Morgan
Stanley is going to come on and they're
going to outline of course that view
there that it was bound to happen. The
timing is interesting. It has fallen
within the range of plausible outcomes
because according to their specific
sentiment gauge and Laura Wang will talk
more about this as I just alluded to,
there were early signs already as early
as I think the first week of of the year
of overheating signals uh on SH. So
perhaps this just takes some of the
froth off. All that is to say markets
have largely taken this in stride. Uh,
of course, this is just the first full
day of trading after the news. So, we'll
talk more and see what happens with
this. Uh, the rest of the region though
is mixed. We're really coming off a
mixed session anyway overnight. There's
a rotation that's come through and
continued in fact out of the big winners
in the US market. For example, Asia were
better by about 10 to 1%. Uh, the big
market to focus on this hour, well, two
things today. Today will be Taiwan
because of TSMC earnings that's coming
out today. Before that, of course, will
be Korea. Uh, following two things. One,
some warnings coming out of Scott
Bessant around currency at it being too
weak, near a 17-year low on the
currency. We've paired back from those
levels and of course the BOK decision
and they've dropped a clear signal yet
that this easing cycle could well be
over. Uh, we'll get the briefing of
course coming through uh in the next few
minutes or so. Commodity markets very
quickly. Oil uh declines overnight.
Gold, silver is Oh, okay. Wow. So silver
was up um and has completely reversed
that and then some more. So we're now
back below 90. This one has really had
some very violent swing silver.
>> Yeah. And we're watching of course.
Okay. So there's a bit of a you know
maybe it's gone a bit too hot the
cerillion metals here today. Um I I mean
given some of the moves that we've seen
geopolitically, you know, you have seen
the likes of President Trump saying he's
going to hold off hold off when it comes
to any you know strikes or reaction to
Iran. Uh and obviously we we're hearing
some lines from Reuters that he might
plan to visit Venezuela, meet with
Machado uh later on today on Thursday.
So that those are some things
geopolitically that might be bringing
down the temperature a bit. Trip.com,
there you go. That's the one to watch of
course on this antirust probe. Uh we
continue to see a second day where the
shares are basically down uh
substantially here today. It's bringing
down some of these travel stocks as well
like Tongqing Travel, Mtoan. That
certainly is the key one to watch here.
But yes, uh you know what analysts are
saying this might take a few months just
given you know what history has told us
about some of these regulatory probes as
well and may lead to some sort of cash
fine. Um but certainly this might be
just a company specific sort of thing
just given these allegations of
monopolistic behavior and the like here
>> it it comes ahead of peak travel season
too. Yeah.
>> Right. Which is the Chinese New Year
Lunar New Year that's coming up as well.
So just keep that in mind. Okay. Red
headline crossing the bloomer terminal
on Alibaba
and yeah big one.
>> Yes. This is this is something that we
need to be talking about more. So it's
linking Tao Flegy Alip Pay to its
flagship AI app of course and I believe
this was the was this the announcement
we were waiting for? Anyway, uh it's a
statement ahead. Sorry, just to clarify,
it's a statement ahead of the launch
event that we are expecting to cover as
well here as far as Alibaba's concerned.
>> Yeah. And there's all this calls and
talks and speculation about what they're
going to do with Quinn, right? of course
is their AI app and this is why one of
the bigger moves we've seen from the
company to really link you link Taba
Fliggy and Alip Pay to of course that
application it's going to be a one-stop
shop and really trying to help users
perform actual tasks with the help of AI
so you can basically do services like
what you can book travel you can book
food and all the like here uh in
one-stop shop here so that certainly is
going to be a key thing um for Alibaba
the life assistant some say if you don't
already have assisted yourself. But
yeah, shares turning positive here this
morning. But yes, um obviously AI is
certainly going to be the key focus here
and why we continue to see this equity
rally perform quite well here and why
you're seeing more banks I think turn
more positive around this market.
>> It is. Yes. So we we we put that in a
graphic. So everyone from Goldman has a
target on MCI China. I think it's 20%
from the start of the year.
>> City
>> city is out with 19% gain. This is Msei
China. uh McQuary four to five percent
based on what your starting point is on
MSEI China. Morgan Stanley's at about 8%
given their current projections on that
specific benchmark. Of course, there are
other benchmarks to talk about there. Uh
on top of that as well is of course what
Ivon is pointing out, right? the the
move from regulators yesterday to bump
up the uh the margin financing ratio uh
given just the the surge in trading
activity. Everything from liquidity
gauges to sentiment to turnover to
margin debt itself actually at a record
uh right now. Uh let's get the initial
take on what it means for market
short-term and the broader outlook for
Chinese equities. Joining us now is
Laura Wang, chief China equity
strategist at Morgan Stanley. Laura,
happy new year. Good morning. Very nice
to see you. Let's start with this
announcement yesterday on margin
financing. What is the intended what is
the intention and do you think it will
have the intended effect? Could be
different questions.
>> Happy new year to both of you. I think
the intention of the margin financing
tightening is actually to preemptively
tame the uh very strong momentum we have
seen since late December in the Asia
market. We are seeing record high daily
trading turnover approaching 4 trillion
R&B which is the highest we have ever
seen and we are seeing record high
margin financing balance on the daily
basis. So I think for the government and
for the regulators what they would like
to see is a slow ball and I think
frankly speaking a market that would be
more driven by earnings growth solid
earnings growth and steady valuation
rate rating that's more preferred. So
what we have seen is that a very mild
basically margin financing required
collateral ratio to be reduced from the
current 100% to 80%. So I think this is
more like a signaling effect but we do
not expect this to disrupt the overall
strong momentum in the Asia market. So
we remain cautiously optimistic about
the Asia market.
>> Yeah. You mentioned about how you've
seen sentiment in the Asia market has
improved notably uh at the start of 2026
and you and you highlighted a few
things, right? The stronger currency,
you have liquidity, you also have even
IPOs uh in Hong Kong that certainly is
lifting a lot of of the optimism out
there. Out of those those sort of
factors that you're seeing, what is the
most important do you think that needs
to be intact for this rally to continue?
to continue
>> I would say it's the fundamentals and
also the uh continuous supply of
highquality companies into the market.
So for Hong Kong actually the positive
catalyst we're are seeing would be the
strong IPO market that we've seen so far
this year. This continuously is drawing
a lot of attention from foreign
investors into the Hong Kong market.
Based on our recent marketing feedback,
we are hearing more and more interest
from global investors to become
cornerstones of these deals and actually
the strong CNY particularly for foreign
investors is a very positive sign and I
think this give them very immediate
translational positive impact on the
earnings and revenue calculation for
Chinese assets. So this is very very
helpful for them to make decisions about
holding Chinese assets. But for the
onore Asia market, I think the liquidity
support comes from different sources. It
actually has been coming from
reallocation from bond assets and term
deposits into the equity market and also
we are seeing strong buying from
insurance company which we believe are
all sustainable trends from here going
forward.
>> Okay. Uh Laura just in the fundamentals
bit just to close that loop. What is the
Morgan Stanley projection for earnings
growth this year? Uh Mi China let's use
that.
Yep, we're projecting 7% earnings growth
for MSEI China, which is a modest
number. We want to keep in mind that the
deflationary pressure is still there,
but of course, we're also keeping an eye
on potential policy changes in the
coming months and we do have the two
sessions, National People's Congress
coming up in March and the market has
also been discussing potential mortgage
uh subsidy as well. So depending on the
scale and uh the speed and also the
magnitude of these potential measures,
things could potentially lighten up uh
later this year. But for now, we want to
make sure that we don't uh become too
optimistic before we see the real signs.
>> Okay. Yeah. I think others have said,
you know, it's all going to be earnings
that's going to play a bigger role this
year. In fact, they say upside is going
to be purely profit driven. You're a
little bit more cautious on that, uh
Laura, understandably. Um what sectors
then should I look at? I mean everyone
talks about you know diversification.
Maybe it's time to you know rotate out
of hardware into software. We haven't
quite seen that sort of rotation play
out just yet. I mean it hardware still
remains to be quite strong. Uh what sort
of sectors are you looking at for this
year?
I think for sector allocation, we
strongly recommend investors to stand by
the national growth strategy which was
clearly laid out during the 15 uh
five-year growth plan and uh those
actually include sectors such as AI. So
we've been actually a big fan of the AI
theme in China and we also love other
high-tech and innovative sectors such as
robotics, automation, biotech and smart
manufacturing. So those are the ones
that will have above the market average
earnings growth. So to your point
earlier, I think earnings growth will be
a strong differentiator in terms of
stock picking but you want to focus on
the themes and sectors that will deliver
above market average earnings growth and
also aside from these we also like
insurance sector very much. We think
insurance sector as a whole still offer
very very attractive dividend yield
between 3 to 5%. And also they resonate
very well with a generally rising market
in terms of beta performance.
Uh okay. Okay. Got it. Now I want to ask
you too about the the other theme that's
continued from from last year the
efforts to end excessive compet
competition and price wars. And we've
seen that across I think very early on
right. know the platform companies.
We've we've covered that a lot in the
last week and a half just overnight of
course trip.com and not to comment
specifically on the stock but how do you
think that story does that story
continue well this year and does that
boost earnings uh going into the next
few months?
>> I think this is actually reassuring. I
think when we talked to investors last
year towards the uh end of last year in
the fourth quarter particularly after
the fourth plenary some investors
expressed uh some disappointment as they
said that it seems that uh
anti-evolution had been somewhat dep
prioritized and was not put on the top
of the page when they listened carefully
to the documentation being released from
the fourth plenary. But we we never
really doubted the importance of
anti-involution. We always emphasize
that this is going to be a multi-year
effort and it's going to be very very
customized across different sectors and
you will be seeing different pace and
different progress across different
sectors and the opportunity sets in
terms of equity investing would be very
different as well. So I think at the
start of this year we are seeing
re-emphasizing and refocusing on
anti-evolution. I think in general this
is great. This is basically showing the
determination of regulators to rebalance
the supply demand dynamics across
different sectors and in general this
would improve both earnings both margins
as well as the roe. So we are expecting
two to three percentage point of roe
improvement over the next two to three
years if anti-evolution campaign carries
out continuously.
Uh we talked about a to I'm wondering
when it comes to small caps and large
caps how how you're viewing that as well
because I think some are saying in this
rotation maybe small caps might benefit.
Um we certainly have seen the valuations
of some of these stock ages there are
quite frothy at this point. How should I
be looking at small caps Laura?
>> Yeah I don't think we should
particularly discriminating just by the
size of the company. uh I want to go
back to the fundamentals the earnings
delivery the projection of the earnings
the certainty of the earnings growth
right so what we have observed so far is
that from last year to this year we're
seeing rising interest by gloves
investors into the Asia market and we
understand that if we want to compare
the Asia market opportunity set versus
the Hong Kong market or the ADR
opportunity sets in fact the Asia
present more opportunities around for
example robotics high-end and the
manufacturing and biotech names and a
lot of those names frankly speaking have
only been emerging over the last 3 to 5
years and they're relatively small in
size but I don't think that should be a
factor that uh stop investors from
looking at them but uh we do have a
selection of highquality names uh with
very high earning certainty I think we
should go for those instead of the ones
only enjoy very strong momentum but with
a lot of uncertainty on the earnings
growth and market share growth
Laura, final question. Speaking of
certainty, the what's the biggest risk
to the market in your view? What's
what's the rough probability you're
attaching to that risk coming to
fruition at this point?
>> Wow, that's a that's a million-dollar
question, if not billion dollar
question. Um before yesterday actually
we were uh worried about uh government
regulation to uh tighten the uh margin
financing or to try to tame down the
strong momentum in the Asia market
because we published this uh weekly
proprietary Morgan Stanley Asia
sentiment index which had started to
show signs of overheating since January
the 6 and it had peaked on the past
Monday January the 12th. So I think what
had happened yesterday was a relief to
us and we think the market strong
momentum will continue in a healthy way.
Other than that, I think the upcoming
Chinese New Year, I would want to remind
investors to pay attention to that
because that will present a very
extended break for the Asia trading and
some investors based on the past several
years experience, they may want to
potentially take profit and hold
relatively light positions just because
there could be some volatilities uh not
exactly in China but more frankly
speaking on a global basis and they may
want to avoid that. And then I think we
also want to pay attention to global
geopolitical ups and downs and
developments. Again, not necessarily
directly related to China, but that will
impact global investors risk sentiment
and that could potentially impact equity
moves in general. And then of course,
USChina relationship. We know that
President Trump will be visiting China
in April and we are hoping for a very
success visit on that front. But we will
monitor every signs that could
potentially show some uh disruptions
along that front.
>> Laura, it's great to have you as always.
Laura Wang there, chief China equity
strategist at Morgan Stanley. And coming
up on the China show, we're going to
talk a little bit more about digital
banks as well. Speaking exclusively with
the CEO of one of Hong Kong's largest
weab, Simon Long joins us to discuss
their business outlook [music] and
expansion plans.
>> Right. Uh just ahead as well, we'll have
more on the latest update [music] here
out of Alibaba. Of course, uh now being
linked to the shopping app, Taba, the
line is crossing, of course, ahead of
this unveiling that's coming through
[music] out of HJO, live pictures, of
course, there coming through out of
Alibaba, including that. Uh there's a
briefing as well coming out of China
[music] monetary policy at some point
today. And of course the other one not
China related is the briefing that will
come through very very [music] soon
coming out of the Bank of Korea on their
latest policy pronouncements. This is
the China show.
The decision was unanimous coming
through [music] out of the Bank of
Korea. One of the first lines coming
through here out of the statement, uh,
of course, in case you missed that,
they've also removed now any reference
to, uh, having room to cut interest
rates from the statement, comparing this
one today to the last one, underscoring
the potential strength in the economy.
We're weaker on the currency, but weaker
from a cutoff that was u pulled lower uh
because of comments coming out of the
US. But as you can see also, we are
weaker on Korean bond futures as well.
on the back of these comments coming
coming through here.
>> Scott Besson basically saying it yeah it
doesn't really fit the fundamentals
right the weakness in the currency here
so that helped and give a bit of a lift
there when it comes to the one uh but
yeah that perhaps that is a key reason
why they are so sort of taking out that
sort of language that they are leaving
room for a potential rate cut uh in
their radar. So certainly maybe the
currency weakness is a concern uh there
but they're also talking about when it
comes to export growth still looking
pretty strong strong global growth to
support Korean exports there. That's the
outlook coming through from Governor Re
and need to watch both sides of risks to
financial stability. They're watching
soul home prices, debt and FX
volatility. So yes, the FX side of
things. Uh getting a shout out there as
well. Another sort of thing that's
happening live right now is of course
what we're hearing from Alibaba and of
course this announcement that they made
when it comes to their AI app or Quinn
as they say it. A thousand asks. It's
very poetic and it seems like could do
many many tasks themselves where they
can link Tao, Fliggy and Alipe to this
AI app and really creating what looks to
be a one-stop shop here. Let's bring in
Liz Jing our tech reporter uh who's with
us here right now. But this is a big
major step for Alibaba it seems on the
AI front.
>> Yes, this is one of the major updates.
Last year they uh revamped this app to
make it a uh all total AI agent AI
system and this is uh they they plan to
integrate all the functions at the time
and now they're actually doing it uh
being very ambitious uh integrating all
of the other uh services under Alibaba
group into this one uh app wanted it to
be like a gateway for all the services
that
>> what does this allow them to do
commercially what are analysts telling
you about the upside
>> uh right now uh a lot of the AI apps
they are mostly chat bots but then
Alibaba wanted to have wanted to have a
uh all of the services here more more
like a personal assistant so shopping
flaggy is the travel travel booking
service and also mapping and also uh
food delivery uh because Alibaba already
has this whole ecosystem so it can
integrate everything into it uh it's a
lot of uh it's it's a very ambitious
goal and then uh but Alibaba has the
already has all the services within this
umbrella so it's comparably easier for
them to do
>> where Does that lead them in this whole
AI race within China? It seems like they
were always leading the pack behind the
likes of BU and Tencent. But this does
this solidify their lead in some way?
>> Yes. So uh Alibaba uh before this uh big
launch of this app mostly was uh doing
business targeting uh services uh cloud
services but then this app was a major
step into the consumerf facing uh
products. Of course it faces uh
competitors uh especially uh do other
bite dance which is owner of Tik Tok uh
and then uh do already has a lot of uh
much more users and it also has
e-commerce shopping functions because
bite dance also has a big ecosystem to
integrate with tensson also has its own
uh AI uh AI service AI app so yeah it's
relatively actually a competitive field
>> yeah looks to be uh loose thank you for
bringing this story to us of course ling
our tech reporter of course on the new
Quinn AI app. It looks to be a life
assistant as some say. You can book
travel, you can buy some stuff, book
some services as well all in one. Uh
let's take it back to Bank of Korea and
Seoul and what we're hearing from the
governor Changyong there currently
speaking uh there and really talking
about uh what it looks like with within
the breakdown of what members were
talking about during this meeting. So
five members see a high chance of a hold
in the next three months. So a bit more
hawkish there. uh we talked about how
this decision was already unanimous and
they talked about you know there's still
some very positive stories when it comes
to trade right when you see strong
global growth elsewhere that is going to
help in terms of the export side of
things for Korea
>> yeah there is one doubbish member that
does see uh a rate cut as likely in the
next 3 months or so u it's this is also
I believe quite rare and I I I'll
correct myself if I largely get this one
um not on point, but the the Bank of
Korea has largely leaned in in in in
terms of being able to balance well not
balance financially. They they look at
household debt as a really big waiting
in terms of their decision-m and right
now it seems the risks that they say
remain uh fairly balanced as far as
that's concerned. In fact, they've also
talked about how strong global growth to
support the outlook uh for exports uh
and that they need to watch both sides
both sides of risks to financial
stability. So you have home prices on
one you have debt and then you have a FX
markets as another thing to to contend
with too.
>> Yeah. And at least for now it seems like
this is a bank of a central bank that is
moving towards the neutral side of
things which we we have seen like the
likes of ECB and some other uh developed
central banks sort of uh play out in
their outlooks as well. So you know they
are kind of joining the frey from what
we've heard uh from the likes of New
Zealand as well um RBA as well
>> RBA I mean the next move could be a hike
that's being priced right
>> so certainly they are joining that sort
of chorus of more on the neutral side of
things. Uh we'll leave that there we'll
bring you some more headlines once they
do cross here from that briefing in
Seoul. Uh let's talk about some other
corporate news now. Dutch chipmaker
Xperia has alleged that his Chinese
owner WingTech pressured the company to
transfer [music] technology out of
Europe and threatened executives. WTE
has denied the claim, saying Xperia was
performing well before legal [music]
intervention. A Dutch court last year
ordered Winge shares in Xperia to be
placed under independent control and
suspended the Dutch firm's [music]
Chinese CEO. Honda plans to boost
production of cheaper petrol powered
vehicles this year, reflection of lower
US emission [music] standards and a new
car affordability crisis. Honda's head
of US sales says EVs [music] will take a
back seat in response to growing demand
for lowcost models. American buyers are
increasingly struggling [music] to
afford new cars that average almost
$50,000 a piece. Open AAI said it signed
a multi-year deal to use hardware from
Cerebra Systems [music] for more
computing power. While terms were not
disclosed, sources said the deal is
worth $10 billion [music]
for access to $750 megawatts worth of
computing power. The infrastructure will
be built in multiple stages [music]
through 2028 and hosted by Sir Brush.
>> Okay. Uh cyber security stocks in focus.
I think the news here um concerns of
course uh well the software stocks are
on the up. The country is basically
instructed companies not to use products
cyber security products to be more
precise here from some American and
Israeli firms as seen of course by
market reaction seen benefiting uh some
domestic names. Uh the other group of
stocks we're tracking, property names,
in case you missed the news, um China
will extend into this year or continue
to offer personal income tax rebates uh
for taxpayers who purchase a home within
a year after they sell a home. So that
is seen as benefiting this very slow
moving story of a recovery in the
Chinese market. Property market to be
more specific, markets are moving along
those lines as well. that that's just to
say when you look at the equity market
has really moved uh a lot quicker uh
than the slow burn of reflation and
recovery in the economy.
>> Yeah, the extension of these uh could
lead last till 2027. So according to the
ministry of finance as well. So that
could actually help with the sort of ro
rotation that we're seeing uh [music]
some some funds moving from surging tech
to uh maybe property stocks given the
valuations there. So you are seeing a
bit of a rally there when it comes to
property [music] this morning. This is
one birth.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment here. Right now, we are seeing
Asia slightly lower and I think Japan is
really kind of dragging much of that
index here today. We're down about close
to 1% on the Nicke225. topics is looking
a little bit better but we are watching
the yen very closely here at 158 levels
here we did see of course uh some some
intervention verbally from of course uh
the finance minister talking about how
you know they are watching it very
closely here as well so certainly we'll
watch uh intervention watch for not just
the yen we talked about the one and the
moves that we've seen here on the back
of Scott Besson's comments as well
>> it's really been a theme right in fact
in the equity market if you look at what
they're doing they're tweaking on the
margin financing is also some form of
trying to relieve some of the upward
pressure uh uh in the equity overheating
signs according to Morgan Stanley based
on their specific reading. Uh see I mean
speaking of right you look at the
benchmark today there's really not a lot
as far as the overall equity markets go
it's fairly split across sector groups
what really is catching our eye as well
today and has been in recent days has
really been this roller coaster roller
coaster today it's almost been one-sided
going into today prices of silver can we
get that up please if we can so we were
I think we ended the year at 7072 7375
we hit 92 2 a few minutes back and then
we're back to 88 89. So we're down about
2% on prices of silver. Brent is still
extending some of the weakness that we
had in the overnight session and
Shanghai crude is reflecting some of
that uh weakness as well. Yeah. So as as
Mark Cudmar from our M live team has
told us
watch silver.
>> He said I told you so told you to watch
silver today. Um but yeah, I mean it's
really kind of the geopolitical risk as
you mentioned, right? It seems like
we're taking out some of the premiums on
on the metal space just given the
situation. Iran seems to be at least
status quo here for now where the US
says they're going to hold off on any
sort of attack on the country for now.
There's been reports that Trump's going
to go to Venezuela and also meet with
the opposition leader Machado on
Thursday as well. So maybe there's that
that was why we are seeing these medals
come off uh quite a bit here this
morning. Uh but then again, of course,
we're watching very closely what goes
on. Uh the textbased AI, you know,
certainly with the announcement from
Alibaba, though I do believe the shares
are actually lower uh after the
announcement of that Quinn upgrade there
of linking the likes of Alip Pay and the
like, but perhaps just merely kind of
selling on the news here today. Um we
got some news potentially here. Speaking
of announcements,
>> too, uh, one company, you may remember,
Hong Kong's leading fintech platform,
Wee Lab, has just closed its latest
financing round, and joining us
exclusively is the company's founder and
group CEO, Simon Lung. Simon, it's great
to have you back on the program. Okay,
tell us a bit more about this. You've
closed this financing round. How much
did you guys raise?
>> Uh, thank you. Thank you. Uh, good to be
back. Uh, we closed 220 million US. It's
uh one of the largest uh financing round
in the digital banking space uh in two
in 2025 and 2026 since at the beginning
uh we have been doing extremely well. Uh
we have uh 74 million users. We've uh
given out close to 18 billion US dollars
of loans uh since inception. uh with
that uh momentum we have attracted a lot
of new investors and also gain uh strong
support from existing investors and
capital providers. In this round of
financing uh we welcome new uh partners
like uh Credential uh Hong Kong
investment cop HSBC uh full bond bank as
well as uh gaining the support from
existing investors like Alian the
insurance company and CK Hutcherson's
Tom Group. Um what we're looking at is
with the strong momentum that we're
seeing in the Weap Hong Kong which uh
revenue grew by 35% yearon year last
year. Uh we're going to double down on
Hong Kong and of course our second bank
Indonesia also doing very well. Uh since
I think the last time it came to
Bloomber was two years ago when we
launched it.
>> Um I was wearing a boutique uh since
launch
>> that stands out too. [laughter]
>> I was in Jakarta at that time and since
launch we have already have 3.2 million
customers in such a short period of
time. Um so we'll double down on
Southeast Asia, continue to build out
our regional digital banking platform.
Uh more on M&A and investment into
technology.
>> Uh what are your plans this year? So you
mentioned what 30 35% rise in revenue
was it last year. So are there specific
targets for this year? And how does the
strategy work?
>> We are looking at how do we sustain that
kind of growth? I think there's a lot of
uh market uh opportunity here in Hong
Kong. Uh right now we are already the
top five personal loan lender in Hong
Kong as a whole as a whole banking
industry. Okay. So there's still a few
>> across all banks.
>> Across all banks,
>> digital banks, traditional, okay, and
traditional. So so, so we have already
gained scale and profitability in the
Hong Kong segment. So it's it's all
about now how do we scale up even
further and also looking at other uh
products like digital wealth, digital
ethics that we launch and also other uh
products.
>> Uh you mentioned development in tech.
I'm wondering AI is certainly a big
buzzword. Many digital banks are
adopting it right now. H how how how are
you able to streamline your operations
with of course AI and then how much of
this money that you've raised now is
going to be putting to deploying and and
developing AI
>> that is a a key area of focus uh for
this round of financing we see a lot of
opportunities in fact uh we have been
looking at AI since the early of 2015 16
initially more for risk management and
fraud detection now since last year we
announced a uh new global uh a regional
strategic partnership with Google
specifically on AI that we are looking
at how do we adopt Google technology
into a digital banks. The first thing we
did was last year second half we
launched a fully AI generated uh TV
commercial together with uh Google
Gemini and V3 and that gained a lot of
market traction. Uh our numbers shot up.
Uh so that did extremely well and also
we just launched a AI agent that
actually uh sell loans uh with our uh uh
clients online and that is beyond the
normal chatbot. actually talk to you,
find out your um insights and know how
to sell. The next generation of it will
learn how to negotiate. Now sales and
negotiation that skill is really really
uh difficult to build and but it's very
important when you engage with
customers.
>> Uh we also have a new AI engine that uh
help us to verify documents uh do ethics
rate comparison when you go and uh buy
and sell ethics across banks you you
want to know which one is giving you the
cheapest. We do that right now with AI.
So there's a lot of interesting things
that we're doing on both customers
facing and also internal uh uh
efficiency.
>> That's I'm curious about that because so
you know a chatbot is already AI but
this one is different from that. Can you
just talk us through a little bit more
about the the differences you see as
that you know in that interface.
>> So traditionally chatbots are very
boring. It's very rulebased, right? And
you have a question, either they know
how to answer it or they ask you to
click an answer, right? Then you go
back.
>> Then you then you go back, right? But I
think in the new generation of
generative AI plus uh reasoning, they
they able to understand the meaning
between behind your words and then with
that combined with the data that we have
about you, what we know about you, how
you came through the channel, we know
where you should go. We recommend the
right product for you. We know okay,
this guy wants to get a loan because he
want to buy a car, he should go for this
kind of loan. This guy wants this, this
guy want that. I think that is the
customization what we call the
hyperpersonalization and talk to you in
the tone and manner that we feel that
you are comfortable with. I think that
that human touch is extremely important.
Right
>> now once you go into the next level
which is negotiation with you, everyone
wants a lower rate, we want to sell you
this, we want to sell you that. I think
that requires a different level of
cognitive capability that we feel that
the current level of AI is capable to
do.
>> So a lot of it you mentioned interesting
because you've evolved from one where it
was fraud detection now it's customer
facing in fact negotiation to your
point. What about the credit assessing
credit risk from a bank perspective? Is
there is there some room there because
in terms of cognitive ability, how how
do you assess credit risk from a bank's
perspective too?
>> So u we've been doing that uh early on
using AI machine learning to build
models and the next the current
generation AI does something even more
interesting. Now for example people
upload their selfies onto the uh uh onto
when they open up a bank account right
now we can detect your facial expression
the background and everything to match.
So it it is a very different level of
using the customer data and it's a lot
faster as well. uh we rolled out uh
verification engines like for example
there's a lot of data that we can
crossverify the customer's identity uh
now it's 100% automated and we rolled
out the first month 10% to 15%
efficiency gain just the first month so
you can see actually there's a lot of uh
opportunity in that we estimate I think
this will help us to to save around 42%
kind of increase kind of give us 42%
kind of efficiency gain over the next
couple of years
>> I get you in terms of the industry sort
of trends and what you're seeing what
what we're seeing across these the last
maybe year or so is really this rise in
private credit.
>> Um is that going to be a big competitive
>> force for you just given you know as a
bank as a digital bank as well and does
that force you to kind of change your
your your lending capabilities here?
>> Um we don't we don't see that as a big
uh comp competition to digital banks
yet. Uh but I think for corporate
lending I think that is definitely we're
seeing that. Um but the problem is I
think as everyone is talking about it is
not so much the increase in volume it's
actually the quality of the private
credit where it's heading right I think
that is a part where we're concerns I
mean we often see deals that we say okay
as a bank we definitely shouldn't do it
but I think there are people who have a
very different risk appetite and those
deals actually go to a private credit
and sometimes they would take it
>> uh your two big markets right uh Hong
Kong and Southeast Asia Indonesia what
what other markets are you are you
eyeing over the next few years
especially with the money you've raised.
>> We're very interested to continue to
expand. I think our our strategy has
been to build more digital banks with
the efficiency that we already have and
the knowhow in Hong Kong, Indonesia. We
constant we're constantly looking at the
markets alike of uh Philippines,
Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam. I think
these are markets that are very very
interested in we're constantly doing
business development, talking to people
to see how we can how we can uh go into
these markets.
>> And is that through organically you
think or do you think you you'll need to
find a partner in some of these
geographies here? I think it will be
partnership and also uh M&A. Uh we have
we we're going to copy the model that we
did with Indonesia where we partnered
with Astra. Uh I think that model worked
extremely well. You can see how actually
it scale up very very efficiently. They
have a great partner with us. Uh I think
uh the combination of a strong local
partner with access to the relationship
the existing customer base uh plus our
knowhow makes a big difference. If you
look at like digital banks as a whole,
right, I think the industry have around
if we look at like 55 digital banks
across Asia Pacific. We've been tracking
them for the last 10 years. Um, of the
55, 24% of the 24 of the 55 is
profitable today. But if you look at
like how do people become profitable,
right? I think there are three things.
The first thing is all the 24 profitable
ones run a credit strategy. They have to
lend money to get the interest income.
>> Okay? Okay,
>> normal fees and stuff like that is good
but not sufficient in Asian digital bank
setting to be able to get them to
profitability.
>> The second is partnership. A good
ecosystem or bank spin-off. These banks
actually have a high probability of
success because they have the brand,
they have the capital, they have the
knowhow, they have the customers to
cross-ell. In fact, we saw independent
digital banks are four times more
difficult to break even than one that is
started by a bank or a ecosystem. And
the last thing is the profitable ones
reinvest into growth. So what we see
right now what sociologists call the
Matthew effect or economists call the
rich gets richer. Right? Profitable
digital banks reinvest. They become more
profitable. They become bigger and
better technology and raise more
capital. And hence the divergence is
happening right now. The big profitable
ones are getting bigger. The smaller
ones are getting squeezed out. So we see
this as cumulative advantage become a
competitive advantage right now in terms
of uh Asia digital banking landscape.
>> We've been talking for years. I can't
remember even the first interview we
did. It was many years ago and I I
wonder from since that point in time how
you have seen the change in I don't even
want to call it digital banks anymore
because certainly everyone now has a
digital presence but in terms of
competition with the the OG banks how
has that evolved in your view into into
where you guys are right now? M I think
that is a lot more clearer now. Um I
think uh initially I think people were
skeptical because every market has a uh
incumbent bank right market a couple of
incumbent banks right but I think now
that the big ones are actually gaining
scale and profitability um as we shared
like we are the top five lender in the
market. I think we've seen successful
ones uh in Brazil in Korea and all these
banks right their valuation uh their
profitability is comparable to a
traditional bank.
>> That's right. Yes. Yes. and at the same
time they're growing faster. So we see
actually that uh the competition is
there. The traditional banks try to
catch up. I think the large ones are
catching up on the digital offering but
I think the small traditional banks are
still not doing much of it. So over time
what we see is digital banks become
famous and popular for a couple of uh
products like some become famous product
for ethics some are lending for example
us right in ter competing on that but I
don't think they are right now competing
on as a primary bank which is like
everything you do from salary I don't
think they're reaching that yet but in a
specific product product vertical I
think they are doing exceptionally well
>> when when's the IPO Simon kind of final
question I mean I know we just talked
about series D it's a red
IPO market Hong Kong. You mentioned Hong
Kong Investment Corp. Clar Chan comes on
and talks about you know what some of
our portfolio companies are looking to
go to go public. Is that in your
immediate horizon?
>> Uh we're definitely looking at it. It's
something that we're very interested in.
Having said that after closing one of
our largest round, it's not something we
need to do tomorrow, but it's something
definitely that we're looking at right
now. Uh given the market, given the
scale of the company, and given our
trajectory.
>> Sam, fantastic to speak with you. Great
stuff. Simon Lung, founder uh and group
CEO at WAB. Okay. Uh two things here. Uh
we're looking at Bitcoin. I think we're
looking getting some market reaction
there somewhat. Red headline crossing
the Senate committee to postpone this
meeting. US Senate committee to postpone
this meeting on crypto market structure.
Uh some details are out on your
Bloomberg terminals.
>> Yeah, there was some delays here. It
comes on the back of what Coinbase's
global head Brian Armstrong said he
cannot support the bill as written. So
that's why potentially this meeting has
been postponed. Uh what we're also
looking ahead for of course is TSMC
releasing fourth quarter earnings later
on Thursday with investors really
focused on its AI demand outlook and
capex [music] plans as a surging stock
price. Ah it's leaving bulls and the
bears out there boxed in given how
crowded [music] this trade has been.
We're live from Taipei next. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
You're looking at the problem for many
fund managers. 40 plus% waiting on its
index, but you're limited by a 10%
single stock exposure.
What to do? I'm a band, right? Uh 1,700
on the stock, 17% upside is expected
based on a consensus price targets
coming up on your screen. Just north of
20,000 is the 12 month target among
analysts. Let's bring in Annabelle
Jewelers, of course, our tech
correspondent. She's with us out of
Taipei this morning to talk us through
the earnings ahead of the earnings. and
Bill, what are investors going to be
watching out for specifically here?
>> Yeah, well, this is going to be a really
pivotal earnings for the company. I hope
you can see that sign behind me, the the
TSMC earnings conference, but that's
exactly why we're here in Taiwan today
because we've got those figures coming
out just after the bell closes. Press is
starting at 2 p.m. local time and then a
big interview after that. We'll get more
on that in just a moment, but to say
that really the expectations for the
figures today are strong because we have
that quirk of the Taiwan uh stock
exchange here where companies that are
listed on it do need to report their
monthly sales figures. So, putting
October, November, December together,
we're expecting revenue to have jumped
around 20%. And that would be ahead of
analyst expectations. Now, in terms of
what investors are going to be watching
for very closely, it does come down to
AI demand and we're just hot off for
instance CES where we heard the likes of
AMD, Nvidia as well. those bullish
pronouncements from those companies, but
essentially Nvidia affirming that the
Reuben architecture ramp up is still on
track. TSMC is really where you'd start
to see any sort of initial concerns
around AI demand being diminished. But
again, bullish consensus going into 2026
for the company could really play into
the margins as well, just how much
pricing power they have because we're
expecting margins to have risen in the
fourth quarter of last year to a
three-year high between 59 to 61%. again
much higher than the longerterm target
for the company of 53% or more. So yes,
a lot to discuss because we've got that
big interview coming up just after the
earnings today. Wendel Kuang, the CFO is
joining us. Full play out tomorrow
morning.
>> All right, Bill, what about in terms of
plans for the US? I'm sure you're going
to be asking Wendell about that. They've
talked about a lot of money going to the
US.
>> Yeah, this is going to be really closely
tracked just what we get in terms of the
capex. So for 2025 it should be around4
to $42 billion but but pretty much every
analyst you talk to will say 2026 is
going to be exceeding that. So our
Bloomberg intelligence team for instance
is saying it could be up to 48 billion
for the year uh in terms of where that's
going. Yes, a large proportion of that
is going to be scaling up the advanced
nodes, but also specifically into the US
infrastructure buildout as well because
very interesting timing for these
numbers given you've got these reports
that that the Trump administration is in
the final stages of hammering out that
trader deal with Taipei and and TSMC is
very much involved in these negotiations
as well. not so much at the table, but
certainly in terms of what's being
promised, because what we're hearing
from our sources is that in turn for for
lowering the tariff on on Taiwanese
goods going to the US to 15% from 20%.
Actually, TSMC could be pledging to
build even more fabs in the states. So,
you're looking at another four uh to to
be pledged at least in Arizona, adding
to the six that are already there, the
two advanced packaging plants as well.
So it could be a very very big
investment from TSMC into the US even
though of course it's unclear exactly
what sort of timeline it would be as
well to add that sort of capacity.
>> Bel anything else we should be attuned
to.
>> Yeah. Also just in terms of of again
those advanced nodes and and that big
focus on N2 in particular or the two
nanometer technology. this is going to
be really contributing a lot more
revenue for the company in the full
financial year 2026. So lots of focus on
that because we actually had at least
according to capital security they were
saying we should have hit mass
production on that in the fourth quarter
of last year. So anything we get in
terms of signaling and then I think
anything on smartphones as well because
you can't forget smartphones still made
up around 30% of revenue for the company
in the third quarter of last year. So
what we get in terms of of any kind of
concerns around memory chip shortages
given that there are some jitters around
smartphones, the PC industry as well,
any sort of guidance on what we get on
that front. Again, it's going to be
really closely tracked as well.
>> Bel, great stuff. Uh look forward to of
course what's to come, the earnings, and
of course that big interview uh with
Annabelle Jewelers there in Taipei. And
tomorrow you're going to hear more on
the Asia trade. We'll hear from the TSMC
senior vice president and CFO Wendell
Hang on the company's earnings and of
course the outlook for the business.
>> In other earnings news, just very
quickly here, let's go through the big
bank ones. Uh Bank of America's equity
traders posted their fourth best fourth
quarter ever. Uh that's as a company
reaped the benefits of volatile markets
and net interest income. In fact,
topping uh the street here. Revenue from
equity trading rose 23% to just over $2
billion for the final uh 3 months uh of
the year. Cityroup shares slipped as the
top executives reigned in analyst
exuberance over the bank's uh uh meeting
key regulatory requirements and also
reducing expenses. The CEO Jane Fraser
and CFO Mark Mason expressed caution on
the firm's efficiency ratio after an
analyst suggested that city group would
shed its regulatory penalties this year.
Uh and Wells Fargo closed lower after
missing profit estimates as severance
costs here drove driving up expenses of
the bank. Uh so the bank spent $612
million on severance packages as part of
a plan to redesign and plan designed
rather to cut costs. Uh and that's the
story across the bank earnings there. A
look at markets. We'll take a short
break.
>> [music]
>> Okay. Uh, we're looking at Trip.com
here. Oo. Okay. [music] So, we have
tapped on even further the weakness to
the downside. We opened about, I think
it was north of 15% to the downside.
We're now closer to 20% on trick.com.
The antitrust investigation of course
which the company says it has vowed to
uh oh what happened there. Okay.
>> Checking the others.
>> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We've included the
others as well there in the broader
pool. Uh and the company has vowed of
course to to to cooperate with that
investigation going through the timing
of course is going into very very
extremely peak travel season just as a I
guess as a backdrop there. So 20% there
and Tongchun is done 11. and some of the
other peers not less scaled but there's
a separate Alibaba story of course that
we're looking at today media stocks okay
um the story uh can we get that out guys
if we can so far this was a group that
was actually flagged going into the
session today uh on the back of some
companies warning of risks following
very sharp price jumps early this month
abnormal quote unquote rally is how
that's being phrased and obviously
that's taking some of the profits off
that And uh I don't know why we're
talking about Black Pink
>> cuz Black Pink in your area. All right.
All right. That's just my attempt to
sing. Um we have many albums.
>> That was actually not bad.
>> You know, I I wish I could manifest
myself into becoming Lisa, but I cannot.
Um Blackpink to release new mini album.
>> Lisa. Oh, Lisa. Oh, Black.
>> Oh, come on. February 27th is the date
there. Yeah. YG Entertainment.
>> Imagine if they delayed that for two
days and it was a leap year. We not we
not have a release. another year.
[laughter]
>> That would be one of what a April Fool's
trick that's came early on.
>> Six weeks before the mini album is
coming out.
>> All right, that's it for us here at the
China Show. [music] Insight with us is
next. This is with Bloomberg. This is
us. I was [laughter] going to say